Check for mercurial installation and update README (#316)
CTSRD-CHERI/cheribuild: README.md

If you are building CHERI on a Debian/Ubuntu-based machine, please install the following packages:

```shell
apt install autoconf automake libtool pkg-config clang bison cmake mercurial ninja-build samba flex texinfo time libglib2.0-dev libpixman-1-dev libarchive-dev libarchive-tools libbz2-dev libattr1-dev libcap-ng-dev
```

Older versions of Ubuntu may report errors when trying to install `libarchive-tools`. In this case try using `apt install bsdtar` instead.
#### RHEL/Fedora
If you are building CHERI on a RHEL/Fedora-based machine, please install the following packages:

```shell
dnf install libtool clang-devel bison cmake mercurial ninja-build samba flex texinfo glib2-devel pixman-devel libarchive-devel bsdtar bzip2-devel libattr-devel libcap-ng-devel expat-devel
```
    
#### FreeBSD

> If you are building CHERI on a RHEL/Fedora-based machine, please install the following packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are building CHERI on a FreeBSD machine, please install the following packages:
```
The "please install the following packages" phrasing followed by an install command used throughout this section is generally a bit odd.
